Add support for VirusTotal (#61)
nvaccess/addon-datastore-staging: README.md

  - The checksum allows NVDA to ensure that add-on releases are immutable.
- [Code scanning with CodeQL](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/introduction-to-code-scanning/about-code-scanning-with-codeql) can detect vulnerabilities in Python and JavaScript code included in submitted add-ons.
  - NV Access can manage [code scanning alerts](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/managing-code-scanning-alerts/about-code-scanning-alerts), available from the Code scanning link from the [Security page](https://github.com/nvaccess/addon-datastore/security).

> - [Virus Total CLI](https://virustotal.github.io/vt-cli) is used to scan submitted add-ons.

Reviewer: I think referring to VT in general is more useful more most submitters

```suggestion
- [Virus Total](https://www.virustotal.com/) is used to scan submitted add-ons.
```
